---
title: Decode Ways
description: You have intercepted a secret message encoded as a string of numbers. The message is **decoded** via
---
# Decode Ways
## Description
You have intercepted a secret message encoded as a string of numbers. The message is **decoded** via the following mapping:
`&quot;1&quot; -> &#39;A&#39;
&quot;2&quot; -> &#39;B&#39;
...
&quot;25&quot; -> &#39;Y&#39;
&quot;26&quot; -> &#39;Z&#39;`
However, while decoding the message, you realize that there are many different ways you can decode the message because some codes are contained in other codes (`&quot;2&quot;` and `&quot;5&quot;` vs `&quot;25&quot;`).
For example, `&quot;11106&quot;` can be decoded into:
	`&quot;AAJF&quot;` with the grouping `(1, 1, 10, 6)`
	`&quot;KJF&quot;` with the grouping `(11, 10, 6)`
	The grouping `(1, 11, 06)` is invalid because `&quot;06&quot;` is not a valid code (only `&quot;6&quot;` is valid).
Note: there may be strings that are impossible to decode.

Given a string s containing only digits, return the **number of ways** to **decode** it. If the entire string cannot be decoded in any valid way, return `0`.
The test cases are generated so that the answer fits in a **32-bit** integer.
 
Example 1:**

**Input:** s = &quot;12&quot;
**Output:** 2
**Explanation:**
&quot;12&quot; could be decoded as &quot;AB&quot; (1 2) or &quot;L&quot; (12).

Example 2:**

**Input:** s = &quot;226&quot;
**Output:** 3
**Explanation:**
&quot;226&quot; could be decoded as &quot;BZ&quot; (2 26), &quot;VF&quot; (22 6), or &quot;BBF&quot; (2 2 6).

Example 3:**

**Input:** s = &quot;06&quot;
**Output:** 0
**Explanation:**
&quot;06&quot; cannot be mapped to &quot;F&quot; because of the leading zero (&quot;6&quot; is different from &quot;06&quot;). In this case, the string is not a valid encoding, so return 0.

 
**Constraints:**
	`1 
	`s` contains only digits and may contain leading zero(s).

